ah
[Music]
is an unclear game, no, people
say it is not a sport because it is
much more than that, it is art, it is passion, it is
a war of minds
64 squares, 16 pieces per side, the
objective is to send the king, the game
is not science.  a sport, but I ask, is there
something stronger and more powerful in the
human body than the brain? Chess is
boring, but of course it seems
boring to you. If you don't know what it feels like to
sacrifice the queen to mate in
four moves, you don't know what it is.
promote a pawn with ten seconds on the
board and win the game
if you don't know what it's like to mate with two
knights and a pawn
if you haven't seen cal they have gained a
position that the computers evaluated
as a draw of course chess
seems to you  boring
it doesn't matter if you are a
professional or amateur chess player you play chess
you make mistakes you lose due to time in
a position won when bliss you
left the rook on move 20
you demand a masterful move that not even
Kasparov himself, with the help of signing,
would have seen before  next time you don't see
the mate in two, how clear it was, you
go up and down from it or you feel like the
best and the next day he loses five
games in a row as possible. I'm
so bad, but when you play chess you never
lose, my friend, I've practiced a
new opening.  I watched ten videos I read a
complete book and I practiced against the
machine many times I am ready to
win
well maybe this opening is not my
style I will try others that's how it is in
chess my brain against yours
ego fight theory strategy tactics final
pawns  I won
by analyzing the game later
stop fish told me that chess is
wonderful as a
game whose possible variants exceed
the number of atoms in the
known universe cannot be beautiful. decisive advantage for the
chess player critic for those who
despise it chess is not my life  but
my life is chess
I love chess and you
i
e
y